HaSeul : (Arrival!) Auckland~~
HeeJin : It’s raining~~
HeeJin : Raining on Auckland~♬
(She parodied the song ‘남행열차(A South-bound Train)’ by Kim Soo-hee. It’s classic pop song in Korea)
They arrived the hotel through rain!!!
The girls are taking a selfie as soon as they arrived!!
HeeJin : I’m hungry~ Yummy yummy
HyunJin : Lipstick on my lip is delicious today
HeeJin : There’re lots of tasty lipsticks~
2JIN’s beauty is working hard today!
HaSeul : It’s our sister, ViVi~
HyunJin : ViVi!!
HyunJin : The light…
HeeJin : A light comes down~ ♬
(She parodied the song ‘별 빛이 내린다(A starlight comes down)’ by 안녕바다(Bye Bye Sea))
HyunJin is practicing a dance behind of ViVi...
HyunJin : I'm going to show you how good I am!
HeeJin : It's push-up
HyunJin is suddenly showing off physical strength…
Maybe ISAC will suit her...
(Idol Star Athletics Championships)
ViVi : I can't even do one push-up
HyunJin : Really?
ViVi : I’m tired too...
ViVi : I’m going to sleep...
ViVi : and wake up tomorrow~
ViVi : I’ll sleep...
ViVi : at 10…